This Starter code has already implemented
the functionalities you implemented in the StarNotary version
two exercise and have comments in all the files you need to implement your task.
You will need to have the latest version of Truffle version five and
the latest version of Metamask Chrome extension installed.
I'm going to show you how to start with your BoilerPlate code.
The first thing, you need to download the Starter code.
When you have already the file,
you'll save the file.
Perfect. The first thing that we need to
do is also verify that we have the right Truffle version installed.
To do that, open your terminal and run the command; truffle -version.
If you see, I have installed Truffle version 5.0.2.
That's correct. You can close the terminal.
I am going to open the folder for the Starter code that I've already downloaded.
We have all the files here that we need to use in our project.
The first thing that we need to do is run the command, truffle develop.
So, I have truffle develop started in the 127.0.0.1 in the port 9545.
If you see, in the truffle config file,
in the network section,
I have the development network configured to
the same port that I have in my truffle console.
Once we have that,
we need to import at least two accounts from this list of accounts into my Metamask.
How do I do that? Let's go to Metamask.
Go in to Log In,
and go in to Settings.
In the newer PC URL,
I'm going to import the same address that I have for my truffle console.
So, now I am in my private network.
Now I need to import at least two accounts.
Import accounts using the private key.
If I use my first private key,
it correspond to the first account.
I'm going to paste my private key and import it.
Also, I'm going to import another account that correspond to the second account.
Import, and I have my other account.
So, I have two accounts connected to my private network.
I always recommend to use
the settings option and
reset account to make sure that everything is going to work fine for both accounts.
Perfect. I have Metamask already configured.
Going back to our project,
we need to run the first command that is compile.
If you see, everything compiles correctly because I already have installed openzeppelin,
and those warnings are for the functions you
need to implement that aren't already implemented.
Now that I compiled my contract,
I need to run migrate --reset.
Perfect. Everything is deployed.
My contract is deployed.
So, I am ready to start with the frontend application.
Open a new terminal and cd into the app folder.
From the Command npm run dev.
This initialize the webpack-dev-server.
Now it is ready.
We can open in a browser and I have my application here.
Going back to the folders in my Started code,
I have my contract.
The first thing that I need to implement is for the Task one,
add a name and a symbol property.
If you go down,
you can see the other functionalities that you need to implement and
the comments of what you need to do in the contract.
Also, in the test folder,
you can have the test already implemented in the exercise number two,
the version number two of the StarNotary that
you did in lesson number three creating that,
and also the other three test that you need to implement.
In the frontend, you already have the index.html and the index.js file.
An example of one of the functionality that you need to implement in the frontend.
Perfect. Because the Create a Star already was implemented
in the StarNotary version two that you did in the previous lesson,
we can test if everything works fine.
I'm going to open the developer tools to make sure that nothing happen.
I hit on Create a Start and it open Metamask to confirm the transaction,
and everything works fine.
So, in this way,
you get started with a BoilerPlate code
to implement the functionality that you need for project file.